I'm honest yen so anyway I'm sorry to
hear that because you know I thought the
last time we talked could you said you
just met your first vegan in real life I
kind of got the optimistic impression
you were living somewhere where there
was going to be a circle of other vegans
around you I you know to some extent
whether it was the other the other
activists at your university or that you
were you were not going to be quite so
all alone but you have actually ended up
as another another isolated vegan is
that it yet I go to the smaller campus
at Laurier Brantford one so it's like
3,000 people go here's come here to like
10,000 20,000 up the water losses yeah
no human right so there should be more
people hunter vegan we're to me okay
I'll tell you something as the contrast
so I agree but like with human rights
that was the same when I was in Toronto
I made the long trip from University of
Toronto campus to your campus that
really is like a separate city it's so
far apart it's ridiculous that really
like two separate cities York York is
way the hell at oh my god anyway um del
U of T is right downtown but anyway you
know I would use to go there just try to
meet people in their ecology department
and there was like you say like well
you're a human rights do you think
you're going to meet people these
interest i would meet nobody who had any
any of those interests in their
environmental science and ecology you
know program but I mean you know my own
experience in Canada obviously is a lot
more a lot more negative than positive
which is why I put so much time into
YouTube and what that has led to to some
positive outcomes in my life alright
that's always going to ask you right so
you know is there even a single vegan
restaurant where you live because
normally the restaurant owner if there's
a vegan restaurant if someone you can
talk to yeah there's actually a cold the
healthy rabbit um it's like vegetarian
and vegan so we have cheese yeah but
almost wish I was vegan I'm actually
it's like a restaurant I talked to the
owner and it's a rest where people
travel the world and then they can go
work there and they give them free board
similar like I could time I go there is
someone different devices
and this girl from wrong phone supports
ago I think well it was pretty cool yeah
but i mean that's that's probably your
one positive contact to find other
vegans will be do or you know other
people were seriously interests will be
to talk to that owner about about
connections in your town that you know
whoever the owner or manager is
whoever's whoever serious about it there
so i understand it even if they're just
vegetarian you know and like you can
literally put up a poster there i'm sure
if you talk to them you know you can do
a handwritten poster or whatever saying
hey i'm at because maybe there's
somebody there you're not you're not
meeting you're trying to be trying to
meet other vegans here in a dehong there
is one vegan restaurant that's owned by
an eccentric millionaire it's a
restaurant with a hotel attached to it
it's really wild it's really crazy and I
guess I'm kind of worried about meeting
him because of course the language
barrier look I need to really go with
somebody to translate someone who's
completely filling the Chinese because
like if I meet him and I blow it like I
make a negative impression on him then
that's the only vegan in this whole city
but obviously he is a powerful and
influential vegan he took the time and
money to create a vegan hotel which also
as a restaurant that of course is
nonprofit like it's never going to make
money and it's gorgeous by the way like
the rooms are beautiful the rooms and
like gum the actual set up with the
buffet area they have this beautiful
room we could have a vegan event or
vegan conference they're gorgeous like
you know he he made his money actually
out of the tea industry so in case
you're afraid he's a millionaire because
he did something really unethical and so
far as I know his money comes from
owning a key processing factory so where
they take the tea from the farm and then
make it into a finished product so
that's what I mean you know I'm happy
for him if he's managed to make a lot of
money without killing anybody absolutely
crazy but it's like yeah right I don't
need to know I won't ask
hahaha but yeah um yeah who knows it
could be a lot of dead bodies on that on
that tea farm true but you know compared
to you any other industry like that's a
really it's a really relatively ethical
one but you know to me that's so
exciting but every time I go there the
depressing thing is I think the only
ethical vegan in that whole business is
the owner and like you talk to the staff
and none of the staff give a [ __ ] none
of the staff like none of the staff even
think veganism is a thing like i try to
i'm talking to me in chinese I'm
transactional Venus like oh you know
like in canada on the vegan activist
like I'm trying to argument with the
stuff and they look at me and it's like
from their perspective this is just a
weird restaurant that doesn't have any
meat because the owner is crazy like
that Sarah feel like that's the
perspective on it like oh yeah this
place is kind of weird there's no meat
it's like you know so they don't see it
that way is like a special place or an
opportunity or something ethically
positive it's you know oh so that's
depressing in a different way and I
don't know like if I meet other people
there who are eating at the restaurant
that restaurant is really really busy
when it's a magical day on the Buddhist
calendar here so like if it's a full
moon or there's some other supernatural
reason like in the stars for it to be a
magical day for Buddhism then tons of
people go like local people go to eat at
that vegan restaurant they're like vegan
for one day because the position of the
stars the position the moon is special
and like you know maybe they're just
vegan for one meal because of that too
right look I don't even know you know
but it's really weird being in a culture
where veganism has some basis in
Buddhist tradition in some ways it makes
it stronger in some ways it makes it
weaker for you right and it's like
because if I meet anyone of that
restaurant it's not only to walk up to
some of the restaurant say oh hi I'm
vegan are you vegan too nobody will be
none of the staff are none of the
customers are so it's kind of weird
it's not like a bunch of a growing thing
there as it is in Canada but I feel like
a lot more people are going vegan even
since like last year when I went vegan
um I would say right now in China is
really the rise of reduce iteri anism
like for the first time like the idea
like okay give you example so my teacher
my main teacher and could man the woman
who taught me Chinese the most several
people taught me but she was the main
one um she said to me that like just ten
years ago if you went to a wedding here
and this is really true because I
remember what China was like 10 years
ago if you went to a wedding here the
whole point of the wedding was just to
eat as much meat as possible to kill as
many animals but I just have piles of
meat as a sign of wealth and you know
what you can see that like literally
like they just have a giant dead pig on
the table and people don't even eat five
percent of it's just a show like piles
of me and I went to a banquet here it
really weird why wasn't but it was still
like that we're like at every table they
just had like three enormous whole fish
like dead birds that it was just out of
a pile of me but I teacher said she went
to a wedding but one of her good friends
got married and she went to a friend's
wedding and she said you know they did
the traditional thing where I think they
had so ten dishes eight of them are meat
and two of them are vegetables and she
said like the vegetable dishes people
ate all of them and the meat was all
lying there not eaten she's like it's a
real shift like people are just aware
people are starting to regard me as
being like cigarettes and alcohol which
they did in 10 years ago 10 years ago
they regarded meat as being like bread
like you just ate is like you know is
the staple of the diet and now people
are aware like meat is something kind of
ugly and immoral and unhealthy and again
it's not ethical veganism but there is
ethical reducer tarian as a mirror
really for the first time where people
are start again like people aren't
quitting cigarettes or alcohol either
but they like in China and a major
they do regard alcohol and cigarettes as
bad and we're now really shifting into a
mentality or overall cultural attitude
or meat is also going into that category
people don't want to sit down and eat a
huge pile of meat anymore just to show
that they're not poor just to show that
they're wealthy so that's a big big big
shift I was nothing but like the
boyfriend thing we were together for a
year when I decided to go vegan and I'd
mentioned it to and was like why I'm
doing this but now he's like I
understand why doing this like I really
appreciate you doing this and I showed
him the Earthlings and conspiracy and
he's everything to make him and wait
today he said um he's eating vegan up
until his mom make some dinner along
here 22 you could make you something
yeah yeah my heart goes out to you I
mean the struggle is real I bunnish yen